# Tabletop-Exercise-for-Hospital
This tabletop exercise includes discussion points to guide healthcare leaders on how to prepare for and execute a cyber security emergency plan in a pediatric hospital setting, tailored for HIPAA compliance. According to the recent Health-ISAC Annual Health Sector Cyber Threat Landscape Report(attached), Ransomware, Phishing Attacks and Compromised Credentials were the top threats facing health organizations in 2024. As reported by healthcare professionals, the direct impact to healthcare delivery included the disruption of normal operation of diagnostic technology, loss of electronic medical records resulting in delays and disruption to patient care and exposure of patients' personal health information (PHI). 

I have become very curious about cybersecurity incidents affecting the Healthcare industry as a result of several news stories highlighting the increased rates of cybersecurity attacks in the D.C. Metropolitan area. Children's National Medical Hospital which logs close to 650,000 outpatient visits annually, implemented an emergency response program known as "Code Dark" aka system-wide "off" switch, to minimize the impact of a broad-based malware attack. It signals to the staff to immediately shut down or unplug internet-connected devices to prevent further spread of the attack.

This tabletop exercise will simulate a ransomware attack on the Electronic Health Records (EHR) system. We have seen many real-life examples of these in the news including the most notable one in May 2024 against Ascension in which 140 hospitals across 10 states were affected. 
